FIRE CALL for WINDOWS

Fire Call Win is a simple chat tool that allows two users, typically developers, to communicate person-to-person using encrypted transfer via  shared files and folders. Files can be transferred and exchanged, chat and data swapped on almost real-time basis. This version uses the basic Dropbox service to share files and folders but it can also use any shared file or folder resource over a network of some sort as long as it appears as a locally accessible resource to Windows. In addition to chat, Emojis, voice recordings and user files can be shared too.in a dieselpunk fashion on your desktop. It can be resized and placed anywhere on your desktop. It uses minimal resources and helps give your desktop a dieselpunk make-over. 

Right-click on the widget to display the function menu, it works well on Windows XP to Windows 11.This version was developed on Windows 7 using 32 bit VisualBasic 6 as a FOSS project creating a WoW64 program for the desktop. 

It is open source to allow easy configuration, bug-fixing, enhancement and community contribution towards free-and-useful VB6 utilities that can be created by anyone. The first step was the creation of this 32bit WoW64 program.  A future step is a conversion of to RADBasic/TwinBasic for future-proofing and essential 64bit-ness. 

This program is free and FOSS. The basic file and folder sharing services are free, this program uses Dropbox out of the box but Google Drive and Microsoft's Onedrive all provide basic file and folder sharing facilities for free.

This utility is one of a set of steampunk and dieselpunk programs written in VB6 and javascript -that you can find here on Deviantart: https://www.deviantart.com/yereverluvinuncleber/gallery

I do hope you enjoy using this utility and others. Your own software enhancements and contributions will be gratefully received if you choose to contribute.

CREDITS:

I have really tried to maintain the credits as the project has progressed. If I have made a mistake and left someone out then do forgive me. I will make amends if anyone points out my mistake in leaving someone out.

MicroSoft in the 90s - MS built good, lean and useful tools in the late 90s/early 2000s. Thanks for VB6 but no thanks for VB.NET, you fecked up there.

LA Volpe (VB Forums) for his transparent picture handling.

Shuja Ali @ codeguru for his settings.ini code.

ALLAPI.COM        For the registry reading code.

Rxbagain on codeguru for his Open File common dialog code without a dependent OCX
http://forums.codeguru.com/member.php?92278-rxbagain

si_the_geek       for his special folder code

Krool on the VBForums for his impressive common control replacements, slider and textboxW.

theTrick for his sound recording and saving to a WAV file.

Elroy on VB forums for his kind help with subclassing and balloon tooltips and all his other kindness.

Wqweto for his innovative email injection work, validPath 

credit Matthew Gates Function fIsFileAlreadyOpen

Chris Fannin (AbbydonKrafts) Copying a folder  http://vbcity.com/forums/t/129391.aspx

Austin Hickl fnGetDateInUniversalFormat  http://computer-programming-forum.com/66-vb-controls/6dff1bae05df0a6e.htm

Ellis Dee VB6 quicksort https://www.vbforums.com/showthread.php?473677-VB6-Sorting-algorithms-(sort-array-sorting-arrays)

KayJay fnIsGoodURL that utilises the isValidURL API  https://www.vbforums.com/showthread.php?231061-Validate-URL&p=1361958&viewfull=1#post1361958

JCI's resize image https://www.vbforums.com/member.php?40893-jcis

Keith Lacelle for the alternative FSO code  to read a value from an INI file 

Harry Whitfield for his quality testing, brain stimulation and being an unwitting source of inspiration.


LICENCE AGREEMENTS:

Copyright © 2023 Dean Beedell

Using this program implies you have accepted the licence. The GPL licence applies to the code this software Is provided as-is, without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the
author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation is required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public Licence as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the Licence, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public Licence for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licence along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301
USA

If you use this software in any way whatsoever then that implies acceptance of the licence. If you do not wish to comply with the licence terms then please remove the download, binary and source code from your systems immediately. 

You may use any of my own imagery in your own creations but commercially only with my permission. In all other non-commercial cases I require a credit to the original artist using my name or one of my pseudonyms and a link to my site. With regard to the commercial use of incorporated images, permission and a licence would need to be obtained from the original owner and creator, ie. me.